# Python-Challenge
I will be using concepts learned in the bootcamp course to complete two Python challenges: PyBank and PyPoll

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

References

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyBankmain.py step 26 and 28 for the function greatest_increase/greatest_decrease = ["", 0] to confirm that we would want to leave the month as an empty string so that the month with the greatest increase can replace the empty string and that we would want the profit/loss changes to start at 0 since these changes will be positive or negative changes. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyBankmain.py step 51 for the function net_change_list.append(net_change). This append function adds the calculated net_change value to the net_change_list. This list stores all the monthly changes in profit/loss. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyBankmain.py step 67 for the "len" function. Using "len" helped to calculate the average net change by helping us find the number of changes. We needed to find the number of changes to divide the total sum of the changes by the number of changes to get the average net change. Retreived from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyBankmain.py step 70 to 76 for the "\n" function. This newline characters function helped me to make sure that each print shows on the next line instead of everything being on the same line. Retreived from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyBankmain.py step 74 for the "2f" function. This function added after the average_net_changes helped me to make sure only up to 2 decimals was showing. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyPollmain.py step 38 for the function "if candidate_name not in candidate_votes". I was not sure how to write the function for step 37 "If the candidate is not already in the candidate list, add them" therefore I used Xpert Learning Assistant for help with how to write this function out correctly. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyPollmain.py step 54 to 57 for the function "txt_file.write". Per step 53, I had to "Write the total vote count to the text file". However, I was not sure what function to be using to write my prints to the text file properly and used Xpert Learning to confirm that I should be using "txt_file.write" before typing out my prints. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on PyPollmain.py step 78 to 79 for the "3f" function. I used this function to make sure only up to 3 decimals where showing in my output for my prints. Retreived from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)
